# Hack-A-Thing-1-unify
## Short description
For my Hack-A-Thing-1, I experimented with unity. I explored multiple tutorials, but thought that the one I could most easily play with would be the Roll A Ball tutorial (https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials/s/roll-ball-tutorial). In my game, you control a ball that can move with the arrow keys and jump with the spacebar. The goal of the game is to collect all the yellow cubes, while avoiding the red walls by jumping over or "steering" around them.
## What I learned
I learned how to make a mini-game in unity by using the aforementioned tutorial. The tutorial included the basics of scenes, tagging, basic player control using scripts, prefabs, scripts to control the various game components (camera, etc), and a variety of other skills that are required to make basic games. I then expanded on the tutorial to make my own game that involves navigating through a maze of obstacles to reach a trophy. I also learned a bit more about image recognition by going through a tutorial about the tensor flow library (mentioned below). This was also the most extensively I ever used C#.

## what didn't work
Before starting the unity tutorial, I wanted to use Google's tensor flow image recognition library in Python to create an approximation of the "hot dog not hotdog" App from the HBO show Silicon Valley. I went through a tutorial on medium to use the library for handwriting recognition (https://medium.com/@moshnoi2000/handwritting-recognition-using-tensorflow-aaf84fa9c587), but got lost when trying to implement the "Hot Dog" App. In unity, I then tried to do a tutorial to make a survival game (https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials/s/survival-shooter-tutorial), but after getting through about half of the tutorial, I didn't think that it would be easy to make my own game from that tutorial. Finally, I landed on the Roll A Ball tutorial, and thought it would be conducive to what I was trying to accomplish. After the tutorial, I tried to make a game that was kind of a mix between bowling and pinball, but ran into trouble with the physics of bouncing the ball off of obstacles. instead, I landed on the concept for the game I made in which red walls are avoided by jumping or "steering" around them while collecting the yellow cubes.